So what's in this chorus now what will you learn in this course.
We're almost done getting started and therefore with this basic module we're well we set everything
up and you get a rough idea of what we act native is and how it works.
After this we'll of course have a very important module where we dive into the React Native basics in
this module you'll learn all the core fundamentals you need to know about React Native how these apps
work how you work with React Native components how you build your own components how you make that all
work as a native app what you can test on your emulators or real devices.
All of that is in this super important module.
Now after all these core basics which are really important we'll also have a look at debugging.
How can you track down errors.
Which tools are there to help you with debugging.
These are all questions we'll tackle in the debugging module.
Now thereafter we will dive back into the basics but into these advanced basics if you want to call
it like this we'll have a look at how you build real apps how you style apps which different options
you have there how you work with all these components that are baked into React Native and with your
own components that you can build based on those how you layout your apps.
So here will really bring together many concepts and compose that all in a more realistic app which
does more useful things and we're will need to tackle certain problems you have to tackle in Real Apps.
So that's never a core module for you to learn how React Native works and how React Native apps are
built.
Now once you completed this module we'll have a solid understanding of all these fundamentals but there
will be one problem up to this point.
The apps we build thus far are not really flexible.
They're not really adapting to different screen sizes and there might be differences between IAW or
Android.
Regarding how apps should look like or how certain things should behave which we don't really cater
for deaf we will then have a module where we dive into how to build responsive and adaptive apps.
So how you make sure that your apps look great and work the way it is should work on different devices
different device sizes and also on different platforms.
So on Android I was and how you can use one project and one code base to still fine tune your app to
different platforms in certain areas.
Now after all of that you'll have very solid fundamentals but will also only have worked on apps that
have mostly one screen.
Now in most apps you have taps you have a side drawer you can navigate forth and back between different
pages and you have nice transitions and animations for these navigation actions and therefore will have
a whole module dedicated to navigation and how you can build navigation into your app how you can provide
beautiful transitions how you can add taps different kinds of taps to your application and all these
core techniques and things that you need in most applications are going to build.
Now by then we'll also have a feeling for a problem that managing state managing data in our application
can be tricky as our application grows and therefore will then have a whole module where we dive in
to how to manage state with the help of redux and how you can pass data around in your application.
After all that it's really time to practice and therefore we'll have a whole module where we build a
brand new application from scratch where we incorporate all the things we learned thus far.
That's a module where you can practice on your own or you just follow along with me or you'll practice
first and then compare your solution to mine.
So it's a big practice module where all these core things we learn about come together and can be seen
in practice.
Now after that we'll take that same app and enhance it for example by handling user input in a better
way by validating it by showing error messages by making sure that our app has certain data criteria
that needs to be fulfilled before we can continue ends on debts.
And now our core module because of course in many applications you'll need to gather user input.
Now thereafter we'll all leave our application in a certain sense because we'll learn how to send data
to a server and store it on that server in a database.
Of course it's a a crucial task because not all data lives on your device.
Instead there is some data that needs to be shared with our users for example or that should be backed
up or that should be a way lable even if users reinstall your app and for all of that that data needs
to be stored away from your app.
It needs to be stored on a server it needs to be stored in a database and that's exactly what we'll
have a look at in this HDTV requests module now.
Speaking of services on many applications all need user authentication you need to be able to sign users
up and locked him in locked him out manage their session.
And that's exactly what we'll have a detailed look at and user authentication section and NAV records
section with a number a core feature that you need in many applications and we'll have a detailed look
at all of that in this module.
After this module you will have a lot of core building blocks you need for apps you typically build.
But one thing will be missing and that's how you tap into native device features how you can use the
device camera how you can get the user location or how you can use Google Maps and that's what we'll
have a look at in this native device features module you will learn how you can get the user location
how you can use it how you can store it on a on the vice sequel lts database all that fun stuff is in
this module and therefore this is another crucial module of course now there after all dive in two different
ways of building your risk native app because for the majority of discourse we actually use Expo the
tool we got started with and is first course module because it makes building React Native apps such
a breeze at such fun it's easier and therefore definitely my recommended approach.
But you might not always want to use it.
And in this module I explained when you might not want to use it and how you then build apps without
it though I can already have a little spoiler at this point for most applications the vast majority
Expo is an amazing tool and all the important really important all what you'll learn in this course
can be applied to Expo and non Expo apps and I make that clear in this different workflows module as
well and a show how non Expo works work and how you write code for them and surprise.
It's exactly the same as you learn in the rest of the course basically.
Now they're after we of course aren't really there to just build app and that throw it away.
Instead you typically want to publish it.
So we'll have a whole module focusing on how you publish apps and we'll not just have a look at how
you build it and how you then get it into the App Store.
We also will have a look at over the air updates for example how you can automatically update the installed
apps without forcing your users to read download an updated version which is really amazing so that's
all covered in this module.
A lot of content all these modules of course are extremely detailed.
You'll get tons of knowledge about React Native and by the end of the course you'll be able to build
amazing react native applications.